---
date: "2024-03-13"
title: "随手个写雅思小作文3"
subtitle: ""
tags: ["ielts"]
series: []
authors: ["Weiwei"]
---

```
Nowadays, children watch a lot of TV and play video games. However, some think that these activities are not beneficial for a child’s mental health.

To what extent do you agree or disagree?
```

Children's mental health is an important topic, not only parents care about it, the society as a whole does as well. After all, children is the future of us human race.

I have friends who are middle school teachers. From what they told me, around 1/3 of the children have certain mental health issues, but most of them come from the heavy competition of college entrance exams, from the endless school tasks and homeworks, from the fact they can't even get a 7-hour sleep at night. They are just kids, and they don't get to play and enjoy their life. Unfortunately, situation as it is in China and in fact in most East Asian countries, there is nothing to do about it.

Recently my sister told me that her son, a middle school student, appears to be playing too much video games, so us three had a deep talk. It turned out that my nephew is just using games to release the pressure at school, and his game pals are all smart and diligent kids. Besides playing games, they even researched programming and write games together. They also get comfort and encouragement from each other during daily routines. In the end,
I suggested my sister to buy a new computer for my nephew because the one he's using for gaming is already too ancient.

And of course, children should watch TV and play video games under supervision of their guardians. With adults' help and involvement, children will get better mental health from TV and games.

这篇我写了20分钟。写完发现是249个词，然后又舔成了251个。感觉速度和长度我是比较能控制住了。

第一段写得特别糟糕，删了也不可惜。这种开头简直有辱斯文，因为写作课程里特别说过文章开头不要这样写。

所以删掉吧。

结尾可以加一段：

Children's mental health is an important topic, not only parents care about it, the society as a whole does as well. There is science, and there is personal experience. We should avoid drawing crude conclusions without evidence.

就这样。
